[OSDOCS-6908] IMDSv2 Documentation wrongly under Node Management (#62606)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-interactive-cluster-creation-mode-options.adoc

|`OpenShift version`
|Select the version of OpenShift to install, for example {product-version}. The default is the latest version.

> |`Configure the use of IMDSv2 for ec2 instances optional/required (optional)`

Reviewer: Sorry, the use of the value `optional` vs it's use as a choice was a bit confusing. If setting this is optional, then I suggest rewording this for clarity
```suggestion
|Optional:`Configure the use of IMDSv2 for ec2 instances optional/required`
```

Author: Hello @abhatt-rh,
   Thanks for the suggestion. I am going to keep this one as-is to match the others in the list. I understand your take though, thx!

> |Specify whether all EC2 instances will use both v1 and v2 endpoints of EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS)(optional) or to enforce cluster nodes using IMDSv2 only (required).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specify whether all EC2 instances will use both v1 and v2 endpoints of EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS)(optional) or only ISDSv2 (required).
```

Author: Done.
